Hamza outlines a four-stage approach to Monk Mode:

1. The Direction: Write down 5-10 goals and pick only 1-3 to focus on for the next few months.
2. The Distractions: Aim for 0% distractions and spend your time researching and learning instead.
3. The Basic Attack: If you find yourself distracted, read books or give 100% focus to watching full-length podcasts, even if you don't take action, it's still way better than playing video games.
4. The 1 Task Rule: Follow the 80/20 rule and focus on one main task for your goal. For example, if your goal is to get 1000 subscribers on YouTube, focus on recording and scripting videos. Learn how to get better at recording while recording a video every day. This is how you get better and move towards top-tier levels. Ask yourself: what is the most important task? Then get amazing at it.
Ask yourself, "If I could only do one task for my goal, what would it be?"



You are where you are because you listened to your brain"




Don't trust your brain, trust the brain of the person who has achieved what you want to achieve"





Write 10 goals
Choose 3
Cutoff others
-
Cut all bad habits
-
Cut off friends
Improve
Become social 
-
Watch long educational podcasts
Or read self-improvement books



1 - set goals
2 - cut out all bad habits 100%
3 - learn and think
4 - focus on the main activity
ignore - this is just for me








 what you want December to be like
11:23
what do you want to be like who do you want to be what goals do you want to accomplish and how will it feel when you've accomplished those goals and you
11:29
walk past the people who doubted you and also how would it feel
11:37
when you're surrounded by the people who always believed in you and they do finally see that you've lived up to your potential




the Pats on the back the warm welcome the respect
11:51
the improved posture the way that you carry yourself now the way that your shirt fits tight on
11:57
your sleeves because you've been hitting the gym hard and you've been improving your diets
12:03
how awesome it feels that when you do finally go out with a bunch of good people
12:08
you cover the bill like it's nothing because you are that one now and you can get to that point faster
12:14
than you think




the first step is to set reasonable goals


 we need to
16:02
set such a reasonable goal that is almost gonna seem like it's below us








Devouring of skills !!!!










