Tell me about yourself

I think I’m a good worker and as you can see from my CV I have cooperated with many companies so far. I love developing my skills and I believe I will have a chance to prove it.”

Why this company 

 I know that Nordea is one of the fastest-developing firms in our region. It would be great to gain experience and more qualifications in the right place. I wish to have a sense of responsibility and self-actualization and at the same time take on new duties to broaden my horizons. I’m sure that all of these aspects can result in dynamic development of my competencies.”


What motivates you at work?

Great people - having a good rapport with colleagues makes me really motivated.

“Definitely deadlines. Many people feel under pressure and they are afraid of failure, but it works differently in my case. I adore a situation in which I have to do something on time. Satisfaction of doing tough tasks is the best reward afterwards." 

Could you describe your strengths and weaknesses, please?

„Of course! Let me start with positive qualities. I’m very adaptable and dedicated to my work. What is more, I’m really good at problem-solving and at the same time I try to get on with the team. I use my own initiative and I’m not afraid to make quick decisions while working under pressure. When it comes to my faults, I would say I want my work to be perfect and sometimes I spend too much time checking and improving it. My co-workers also say I’m too polite and helpful and some people use it to get something for free.”


What was your greatest accomplishment / achievement?

„In my previous job I always tried to be better than other employees. Once, I completed my project which was difficult due to a strict deadline, but with the help of my colleagues we succeeded and our company earned thousands of euros. Despite lots of obstacles we managed to do that on time.”

Where do you see yourself in 5 years’ time?

Hopefully working for this company. I’m not a kind of person who likes changes. I set goals and stick to them. I need job security.  I’m sure I want to stay in this city. I have more chances to participate in various cultural events and living here gives me a load of inspiration. I heard that your company invests money in the development of talented people. That’s why I think it’s the right place for me.”


7. Why should I hire you? What benefits will you bring to our company?

„First of all, I have necessary experience and education which will be helpful at work. I know how to deal with customers and cooperate with the team. A firm knowledge of computer programmes and trainings have made me a great expert in the field of IT. I’m loyal to my employer and focus on relevant tasks. I’m convinced that thanks to passion and energy I have the company will quickly see my potential. I’m ready to work hard and implement new ideas and projects which will be successful both for me and Hirenix.”

net salary pensja netto
gross salary pensja brutto
Norwegian krone

Why did you leave your last job?

There wasn’t room for growth with my previous employer
I’m ready to move to new challenges 
I’m looking for new career opportunity 
I’m looking to grow in a new role 

My questions?

Do you have any training for you employees?  

What are the professional development opportunities in the position ?
What's the work style of my superior?


Remote working
Work from home?
